Give Stdlib its own directory (#19530)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/README.rst

      - ``warn``: Don't die if a command emits a warning
      - ``restart``: Send a ``Restart`` command before running this block (only works in proof mode)
      - ``abort``: Send an ``Abort All`` command after running this block (leaves all pending proofs if any)
      - ``extra``: if environment variable 'COQRST_EXTRA' is set (to anything else than '0') this is ignored, otherwise behaves as ``fail``

>         This is typically used to show case examples of things outside coq-core or rocq-init.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This is typically used to showcase examples of things outside coq-core or rocq-init.
```
